docs: add instructions for opting into latest Language Service (#41600)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/language-service.md

hints, and navigation inside Angular templates.
It works with external templates in separate HTML files, and also with in-line templates.

> ## Opting into the Angular Language Service

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the wording here. In v12, users will automatically be switched to the Ivy based language service. Maybe this heading should be "Configure compiler options for the Angular Language Service" or something like that?

> To take advantage of the latest Language Service features, opt in to `strictTemplates` in `tsconfig.json` by setting `strictTemplates` to `true` as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable of the latest Language Service features, set the `strictTemplates` in `tsconfig.json` to `true`, as shown in the following example:
```
Just a suggested modification.

Reviewer: small edit Dave's suggestion: I think it should read "set the `strictTemplates` option", "set `strictTemplates`", or "enable `strictTemplates`"

<code-example language="json">

  "angularCompilerOptions": {
    "strictTemplates": true
  }

</code-example>

> For more information, see [Angular compiler options](guide/angular-compiler-options).

Reviewer: This reads a bit odd to me: "see Angular compiler options". Should it be "see the Angular compiler options guide" or something like that?

> For more information on configuring TypeScript in your Angular project, see [TypeScript configuration](guide/typescript-configuration).

Reviewer: Oh, I missed this the first time around. The Angular compiler options are a separate thing from the typescript configuration. I think what you want to link to is this: https://angular.io/guide/angular-compiler-options

Author: Oh! Yes! Thank you!
